Profiling
#101
As a customer, I want to have a customer profile and descriptions, so that the travel company can adequately meet my needs with their service.
Est: 4 	Imp: High

#102
As an HR manager, I want to have a profile and a skill matrix of each of the employees, so that I can allocate the employees to optimised tasks that correlate with their skill
Est: 3	Imp: Medium 

#103
As a system developer, I want a skill matcher, so that RMs and end-customers can be matched with each other based on their profile.
Est: 5	Imp: High 

#104
As a system developer, I want a customer score(1-10) depending on their likelihood to purchase the services in the inbound calls, so that the customer with a higher score can be served first.
Est: 3	Imp: Medium 

#105
As a system developer, I want a RM skill score to be calculated based on an RM's previous call duration and profile, so that customers can be easily matched to suitable RMs 
Est: Imp:

Inbound
#201
As a relationship manager, I want to have an improved call flow rate, so that I can assist more end-customers and make more sales.
Est: 6	Imp: High 

#202
As a customer, I want to speak with an RM with the appropriate knowledge and resources, so that the call conversation for me would be easy and quick.
Est: 2	Imp: Medium

#203
As a relationship manager, I want to speak with customers that I have the appropriate knowledge and resources to serve, so that I can adequately meet their needs.
Est: Imp:

#204
As a customer, I want to be directed to an interactive voice response unit when lines are too busy, so that I can get optionns to be best served.
Est: Imp:

Outbound
#301
As relationship manager, I want a personalised customer target list based on my skill set and the customer's desires, so that I can adequately meet the customer's needs.
Est: 9  Imp: High

#302
As a relationship manager, I want customer details displayed to me, so that I can effectively serve the end-customer with accurate information that aligns with their needs.
Est: Imp:

#303
As a HR manager, I want a guideline and script to be available for RMs during outbound calls, so that they can provide an improved service to the end-customer.
Est: Imp:

